= beep

Currently, beep is a very simple wrapper around the beep utility of Linux. It handles a small subset of the functionality provided by the utility.

== Installing beep

Install beep (the utility) using your package management  app of choice. If you type in `beep` at the command prompt, you should be rewarded with, well, pretty much just a beep.
Note: In some recent Ubuntu versions, the pcspkr module is blacklisted, so you will need to comment out the relevant line in /etc/modprobe.d/blacklistif you want the pcspkr permanently enabled (it can be quite annoying) or manually load it using `sudo modprobe pcspkr`

And then, install the gem.

  gem install beep

== Usage

In your Ruby code:

  require 'beep'

=== Issuing the default beep

  Beep::Sound.generate 

=== Passing through a sequence of beeps

  sounds = [
    {:frequency => 100, :duration => 200, :pause => 300},
    {:frequency => 400, :duration => 500, :pause => 600},
    {:frequency => 700, :duration => 800, :pause => 900},
  ]

  Beep::Sound.generate(sounds)

The duration and pause sounds are in milliseconds. Frequency is in MHz.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Rory McKinley. See LICENSE for details.
